[BE-2919]: Added Get Approval from TestFlight doc added (#367)
appcircleio/appcircle-docusaurus: docs/publish-module/ios-specific-publish-flows/approval-test-flight.md

|-------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|
| [**Send to TestFlight**](https://docs.appcircle.io/publish-module/send-to-appstore#send-apps-to-testflight) | This step sends the relevant application version to TestFlight. Make sure the [**App Store Connect API Key**](https://docs.appcircle.io/account/adding-an-app-store-connect-api-key#linking-appcircle-with-app-store-connect) is added to Appcircle and selected. |

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE2919-approvelTestFlight.png' />

### Input Variables

The parameters required for this step to work as expected are listed below.

<Screenshot url='https://cdn.appcircle.io/docs/assets/BE2919-approvalTestInput.png' />

| Variable Name                            | Description                         | Status           |
|-------------------------------|------------------------------------------------|------------------|
| `$AC_VALIDATION_CONDITION`    | This parameter determines which condition must be met for the step to be successful. There are four different options: as `Internal`, `External`, or `both`. | Required |

> :::info

Reviewer: > For example, if the application is sent to the **`Internal`** test group and its status is **`In Testing`**, this step will be successful, and it will move on to the next step.

I couldn't understand this here, if status `Internal` is selected, it will be success, right?
If `External` is selected, there will be no success. I couldn't understand what was **selected status** from this message.

And since this info is so important, it might be nice to have it under `# Get Approval from TestFlight`, what do you think?

---
title: Get Approval from TestFlight
metaTitle: Get Approval from TestFlight
metaDescription: Get Approval from TestFlight
sidebar_position: 3
---
import Screenshot from '@site/src/components/Screenshot';

# Get Approval from TestFlight

This step allows you to check the status of your application after sending it to [**TestFlight**](https://developer.apple.com/testflight/). It is a **scheduled job** and periodically checks the status of the relevant version on TestFlight. Informs you of the version status in internal, external, or both test groups.

:::info
After this step application is uploaded to **TestFlight**, it successfully terminates or fails the step according to the selected status. There are four different options for this:

- **`One of the External or Internal`**
- **`Internal Only`**
- **`External Only`**
- **`Both`**

> For example, your application was submitted to the **`Internal`** test group in TestFlight. And you have selected **`Internal or External`** status from the step. When your application is sent to the **`Internal`** test group, its status will be **`In Testing`** and the Appcircle step will be successful. The same situation is valid for others. If you tick **`Internal Only`** or **`External Only`**, it will be enough to be **`In Testing`** in one of the two test groups, but if you select **`Both`**, the step will be successful after the **`In Testing`** requirement is met in both test groups.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, if your application was submitted to the **`Internal`** test group in TestFlight and you have selected **`Internal or External`** status from the step, when your application is sent to the **`Internal`** test group, its status will be In Testing and the Appcircle step will be successful. The same situation applies to the other options. If you select **`Internal Only`** or **`External Only`** Only, it will be sufficient for the application to be **`In Testing`** in one of the two test groups. However, if you select **`Both`**, the step will be successful only after the **`In Testing`** requirement is met in both test groups.
```
